Update deployment doc (#130)
atolab/zenoh-web: content/docs/getting-started/deployment.md

}
```

## Routed 

> Zenoh applications deployed in router mode can route data on behalf of other applications of the subsystem. This allows to deploy applications in a mesh topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zenoh applications deployed in router mode can route data on behalf of other applications of the subsystem. This allows deploying applications in a mesh topology.
```

> By default, router nodes never try to interconnect themself automatically and must be configured with the endpoints of the other router nodes they are supposed to connect to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, router nodes never try to connect to each other automatically and must be configured with the endpoints of the other router nodes they are supposed to connect to. 
```

![routed](/img/deployment/routed.png "routed" )

```
{
  mode: "router",
  connect: {
    endpoints: ["tcp/192.168.1.1:7447", "tcp/192.168.1.2:7447"],
  },
}
```

> ## Zenoh regions

Reviewer: I'm assuming that the content from here on out is the same as what I already reviewed.

Author: true
